(insect buzzing)
(waves crashing)
(snarling)
(growls)
(shrieking)
(sniffing)
(roars)
(roaring)
(continues roaring)
(shrieking)
(all snarling)
(roaring)
("Under Pressure" playing)
(singing)
Mmm num ba de
Dum bum ba be
Doo buh dum ba beh beh
Pressure pushing down on me
Pressing down on you, no man ask for
Under pressure
That burns a building down
Splits a family in two
Puts people on streets
Um ba ba be
De day da
Ee day da
That's okay
It's the terror of knowing
What this world is about
Watching some good friends screaming
"Let me out!"
Pray tomorrow gets me higher
Pressure on people, people on streets
(Captain) Careful with this,
it's highly toxic.
Come on, lads, keep it moving.
Keep it moving.
(man 1) Go, go, go!
(man 2) Is this double pay or what?
(man 1) It's toxic waste.
(Captain) What are you doing
sitting there, mate?
Get amongst it.
I want this filth off my ship
as fast as possible.
(parrot squawks)
(camera shutter clicks)
(parrot) What you doing, then?
(squawks)
Naughty.
Help! Help!
Shh.
Keep your little beak shut.
-Not very nice.
-Otherwise, you'll go for a swim.
Help! Help!
Help me! Help me!
-Hey.
-(parrot squawks)
Uh, well done.
I'm here from the home office.
(parrot) Bullshit.
Here checking on security protocols...
(camera whirring)
...and, um, taking a few pictures,
so smile.
-(camera shutter clicks)
-(both grunting)
What are you doing in here?
(groans)
-(parrot) Not very nice.
-What's going on?
(both grunting)
That's him!
I'll get you!
-(man 1 shouts indistinctly)
-(man 2 grunts)
(grunts)
(screams)
(man) Hey, hey! Get at this!
(speaks indistinctly)
(chain rattles)
(grunting)
Get him!
You two, go left! Cut him off!
I want him caught, dead or dead.
(grunting)
(man) Not there! Go around! Go around!
There you go, mate. End of the line.
Okay.
You're all under arrest.
For the illegal dumping
of radioactive materials.
Yeah, you, you, you, you and you.
What, me and... And him and him?
And him?
-Kill him.
-Wait, wait, wait.
I know. You want to see the warrant.
It's right in my pocket.
I'll see you in court, yeah?
We're out of shipping lanes,
and you're 200 miles from shore.
So enjoy your swim.
I've got him. Just off the port side.
He's like a green James Bond. I like it.
Oh, no, my hat!
Hello, suckers.
Looks like he's been making friends.
Wherever he goes, people just love him.
God knows why.
(engines roaring)
Have you got this?
We'll see.
Maybe this wasn't the best idea.
Maybe this isn't the best idea.
This is gonna be awesome.
(Mac) Define "awesome."
(Rigas) I'm about to.
Opening hatch.
(plane rumbling, beeping)
(Jonas) Next time, put a little
more air in this thing.
It's like breathing through a straw.
(Mac) Worked, didn't it?
(Rigas) You okay?
If you love your job,
you'll never work a day in your life.
(Curtis) Okay, bring in Test 15.
Initiating suit power-up.
(man) Clear.
(machine whirs)
("Dare" playing)
Promising.
(beeping)
(Curtis) The exo suit is performing
way beyond what we expected, Jiuming.
(grunts)
(Curtis) 21% increase in power.
Not bad, huh?
So cool.
I can't wait to use these in the trench.
Hi.
(in Mandarin)
What's up favorite niece?
I'm supposed to tell you not to be
late for the party tonight.
Of course.
-Maybe 25. Mm?
-Okay.
(Meiying) I mean it, don't be late!
(indistinct chatter)
(Mac) I cannot believe
you got this far in life
without knowing how to tie a tie.
First, let's not overstate
how far I've gotten in life.
Second, never involved
wearing a monkey suit.
-Perfect. You look great.
-Thanks.
Ah. Maybe this is the start of something.
(sighs) Don't count on it.
(both chuckle)
Hi.
(Jonas) That guy look familiar to you?
No.
-(Jonas) I don't like him.
-You don't like anyone.
I like you.
That's 'cause I save
your life all the time...
I buy you beers
and I back you up in bar fights.
It's 'cause you're a special guy.
You're both special. (inhales)
-Wish me luck.
-Good luck.
-Thanks for the money.
-(woman) Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome to the 10th anniversary
of the Oceanic Institute.
I'm Hilary Driscoll.
Thank you for coming tonight,
and for joining me
in funding this incredible work.
(applause)
Stop. Don't fidget.
Why exactly do I have to be
up here anyway?
-(sighs)
-'Cause you're a team player.
Great.
Please give a warm welcome
to the director of the Institute.
(crowd cheering)
Zhang Jiuming.
Thank you, Hilary.
(in Mandarin)
As the great poet Song Lian said...
"Man is limited
only by his imagination."
My father named me Jiuming,
which means ocean
or abyss.
My father and my sister
spent their lives studying the ocean.
It wasn't until they were both gone
that I began to wonder
what my purpose was.
But through Suyin's daughter Meiying,
I saw that there was a future.
I merged my father's research institute
with my company
to carry forward our tradition
of exploring the unknown in their honor.
(guests cheering)
To mark this tenth anniversary,
I want to introduce you all
to someone very special.
(device beeps)
(waves splashing)
(in Mandarin)
Her name is Haiqi.
She is the world's only megalodon
in captivity.
We found her injured as a pup.
Thanks to Haiqi, we've learned
a tremendous amount about the megalodons
as well as the trench where they live.
(in English) Thanks to the generous
donations from our supporters,
we have been able
to create the technology
to pass through the thermocline,
a thermal layer of freezing cold water
that separates Haiqi's world from ours
and into a trench 6,000 meters
below sea level.
Thanks to you, we have the ability
to go further than ever before.
(in Mandarin)
Protecting the ocean is crucial,
for China and all mankind.
Thank you.
(crowd cheering)
(Driscoll) And thank you. Zhang Jiuming.
So, thank you all
for being part of protecting
this incredible ecosystem.
Thank you for coming.
(in Mandarin)
Do you think there are more creatures
to be discovered down there?
There has to be.
(Mac) Who wants to get a selfie
with the man
who fought a megalodon
and lived to tell the tale?
We give you, ladies and gentlemen,
Jonas Taylor.
-(guests cheering)
-There he is! There he is.
I know this was your idea.
-(camera shutter clicking)
-I'm gonna kill you.
Smile and pretend you love it.
(Mac) Go on, give him a hug.
Give him a tickle.
Oh, he loves people.
(ominous music playing)
(Meiying) I wanna go
to Mana One with you.
I want to dive the trench.
No.
Sorry, Meiying.
Why not?
Mom was diving all the time at my age.
Not to 25,000 feet.
Saying it's too dangerous?
Too dangerous for you.
But not dangerous.
In psychology, they call
that "cognitive dissonance."
In the real world,
they call it "parenting."
You need to start taking me seriously
as a scientist.
-You're 14.
-Exactly.
I know every system on Mana One,
every dive protocol,
and every animal we've seen down there.
(sighs) Hey, look.
You can come to Mana One.
To observe the dive.
And that's it. (exhales)
Jiuming is swimming with the meg.
Uncle.
(announcer speaking indistinctly)
(Curtis) Haiqi's vitals are elevated.
Be careful,
she's definitely aware of you.
(on Radio) Why are you swimming
with the meg, Jiuming?
I'm conducting an experiment.
Is the experiment "Do I taste good?"
(in Mandarin)
Uncle, are you crazy?
(in English) It's okay.
I've been training Haiqi
since she was a pup.
A meg is not trainable, Jiuming.
But if you wanna be eaten
in front of your niece, go ahead.
Fifty bucks says
this is gonna end badly.
I'll take that action.
(Sal) I am all in for team shark.
DJ: What?
You can't bet on a shark, man.
That's bad karma.
Come on, guys, focus. That's not cool.
Jiuming...
I'd like to respectfully suggest
that this is truly a terrible idea.
Megs and humanity
were never meant to mix.
(radio beeps)
Haiqi and I have a special bond.
Watch this.
One click to come. Two clicks to go.
-(device clicks)
-(breathing heavily)
(Lance) Whoa, I think
she's looking at us.
You see?
(Curtis) She's coming around.
Heart rate is up.
-Moving in fast.
-(beeping)
(Lance over radio) Four hundred meters.
(in Mandarin)
Slowly, slowly.
(computer beeping rapidly)
-(Curtis) Jiuming, she's not responding.
-Come on, Haiqi.
(Lance) Two hundred meters.
One hundred meters.
(Curtis) Jiuming, move.
It's too late. She's coming in too fast.
(Lance) Fifty meters.
(Mac) Pull the cord.
(Lance) Twenty meters.
-(Mac) Jiuming, get out of there!
-(Meiying) Uncle, no!
(thuds)
Did it get him?
I don't know. I couldn't watch.
I don't see him.
I knew this was a bad idea.
-(door opens)
-(in Mandarin)
Total success.
(DJ laughing)
Uncle! Are you crazy?
It's all right, I'm good.
Huh? (chuckles)
(in English) That was exciting, huh?
I can't figure out what's wrong with her.
She's been acting strangely all week.
(Jonas) You can clickety-click
all you want.
The problem is, that it's a meg.
And you're a snack.
-(woman) Yeah.
-(indistinct chatter)
For the record,
you scared the hell out of Meiying.
You're one to talk.
What were you doing on that ship?
Actually, don't tell me.
I don't wanna know.
Well, the Institute's mandate
is to protect the oceans, right?
We can't be a part
of any illegal activity.
Oh, I abhor lawlessness.
Oh, good.
Especially the illegal dumping
of radioactive waste.
You're taking bigger and bigger risks
each time you go out.
Well, I guess we both know about that.
It's not the same.
With me, there's a calculation of risks.
Not that I see.
Do you miss your mom, big fish?
-(man) Dr. Howard.
-(indistinct chatter)
Are you ready for Mana One?
(in Mandarin)
Yes, whenever you're ready?
These new suits will let us travel
anywhere and at any depth underwater.
(Meiying in English) Say.
-(beeps)
-(machine whirrs)
-What?
-(yelping)
(in Mandarin)
No worries, no worries.
Mom and Grandpa talked about you
all the time.
Nothing good I suppose.
Wanna guess?
See this scar?
When I was 11
my father was busy in the lab.
So I snuck out to swim with my friends
on the rocky shores...
and had to get nine stitches
as a result of it.
When I returned home
my father taught me a real lesson.
Grandpa?
Of course.
He was kind to you
because you're his granddaughter,
but he was tough on me.
So after college, I started a company.
I wanted to get away from him.
I hadn't had any contact
with your grandfather for many years.
Then he asked your mom
to bring me this calligraphy.
"Dragon travelling
across the Four Seas."
I thought it was a form of ridicule...
but I came to realize that he wanted me
to find my own way.
(helicopter whirring)
(in Mandarin)
Like the dragon...
I hope you can find your own fate.
(in English) Ground crew,
we're approaching Mana One.
(crewmember on radio) Hey, Rigas.
Good to have you back.
(Rigas) I missed you guys.
(crewmember)
Are you ready to do some diving?
(Rigas) You know it.
(suspenseful music playing)
(beeping)
(snarling)
-(wind whooshing)
-(water splashing)
(Mac over radio) Morning, everyone.
Let's get this show underwater.
(Jess over radio) Dive 1 and Dive 2,
descend to 25,000 feet.
We're exploring Area 19.
Collecting rock samples
and logging any new species.
(DJ over radio)
Diving in T-minus 20 minutes.
All eyes open for a straightforward
sweep and scan. The usual.
Yeah. There's no usual down there.
-System's up.
-(system powering up)
What's with all these toys you have
hanging around your console, Lance?
(gas hisses)
They're not toys, they're figurines.
(Mac) They are definitely toys, Lance.
-(chuckles)
-Thank you.
(crank whirring)
(Jess) Ready for the drop, guys?
(rumbling)
So, are you and Sal, like,
Comic-Con guys or what?
(inhales) Uh...
Absolutely right, yeah.
Do you, um, dress up?
Uh, yeah.
Don't get him started, unless you
want to see a million photographs.
(Rigas) Oh, yes, please.
(Jonas) Stay focused, guys.
(DJ) Passing 17,000...
(Jess) Telemetry's good.
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood.
Passing 18,000 feet.
All systems nominal.
Looking good, team. Let's pull up
the grids we're gonna map today.
(Lance over radio) Area 19.
When are we going to look
at something different?
(Curtis) You know, there's like
100 more sectors to explore.
Jonas, can you confirm O2 levels?
(Jonas) Consumption is 11%
over mission spec.
Guess Rigas is nervous.
More like you're a mouth breather.
-(chuckles)
-He totally is.
(Rigas) Can feel the breeze
from over here.
(Jonas) Yeah.
Firstly, it's called a deviated septum.
Second, I distinctly remember deviating it
while saving your ungrateful ass
from a 70-foot megalodon.
Passing 20,000 feet.
Approaching the thermocline.
Checking O2 lines and tank pressure.
(Sal) If there was a leak,
there would be a fluctuation
on the readings.
I'm not seeing anything here.
(Curtis) Check the pressure
on the auxiliary O2 tanks.
Okay, I'll check.
That's not the problem.
Uh, Jonas?
Meiying?
(in Mandarin)
What the hell are you doing?
(in English) You gotta be kidding me.
I see that you're angry.
But I believe that this is a reasonable
and responsible decision.
Stop the dive.
(submarine slows down)
Full stop.
But before you start yelling,
can I just say...
(sighs)
I did all kinds of stupid things
when I was 14.
And look how I turned out.
We're surfacing.
(Meiying) But I don't see
what the problem is.
This is your 26th trench dive
without incident.
Subs have electric
predator countermeasures,
and emergency dive suits.
Which you don't have.
Actually...
I packed one while you were
doing the pre-dive meeting.
You know,
now's maybe a good time
to sit down and be quiet for a minute.
I can do a seatbelt by myself, you know.
(Jonas) I know you can.
(Jiuming over radio) Jonas.
It's not your call, Jiuming.
We've got company.
(scanner buzzing)
Guys, it's a meg.
-(alarm blaring)
-(Sal) Approaching fast.
That's not possible,
they can't go through the thermocline.
It's not coming from the thermocline.
I'm tracking it from the shore.
Dive! Flank speed!
(Sal) Engaging. Rerouting battery array.
(Rigas) Hold on.
Charging the predator countermeasures.
We'll be dead before they're online.
Thermocline's our only hope.
I'm reading Haiqi's tracker.
(sighs) Impossible.
(DJ over radio)
Well, impossible just got possible.
Five hundred meters to the thermocline.
(Lance over radio) Haiqi's closing fast.
(Sal) One hundred meters.
She's right above us.
(beeping)
Come on, come on!
(Rigas over radio)
Entering the thermocline.
Dive 1, Dive 2.
Switch to low-frequency light,
you don't want to attract any more megs.
(Jiuming over radio) I've lost her.
She can't follow us through.
(Lance over radio) Can she?
(Rigas over radio) Going dark.
I've never crossed the thermocline
at 60 knots.
(Jess) Careful, you don't want
to burn out the engines.
Don't worry, I'm not gonna
break the pretty toys.
Yes.
-She's still on us.
-(Rigas sighs)
(Jiuming over radio) Thirty seconds.
For the countermeasures.
Evasive.
She must have
followed our heat signature.
-(Meiying yelps)
-(submarine rumbling)
(Rigas over radio) How did your pet
shark get down here, Jiuming?
(Jiuming) She must have escaped.
How did that happen?
(Sal) Predator countermeasures active.
(electricity crackling)
Proximity alert.
Megs.
No way.
(Rigas) That's the biggest meg
I've ever seen.
(Jonas) Biggest meg anyone's ever seen.
That's gotta be the apex predator.
(Jiuming over radio)
Incredible. Megs are solitary.
It's like they're being called.
I'm changing the dive plan.
We have to see what they're up to.
And what about Meiying?
Well, I vote we go.
I wasn't asking you.
(Jiuming) Oxygen reserves
are at maximum.
Predator countermeasures are deployed.
Right now we are perfectly safe.
Right now, yeah.
If I see anything dangerous,
I'm pulling the plug.
(Jiuming) Mac, we're changing
the mission profile.
Proceeding on heading 227.
Now they're already off mission.
They need to stay on course.
Jonas, you're going way outside
the sector we have already mapped.
(Jiuming) This is
an exploration mission.
Let's explore.
Copy that.
-(sighs)
-Eyes open, watch your backs.
Really, Mac?
We're gonna follow some giant sharks
to a unknown sector?
(clicks tongue) Man...
This some dumbass shit, mark my words.
(automated voice speaking)
Entering Sector 21.
Commencing geographical scan.
It's so beautiful.
Your mom loved this place
more than anything.
I'm glad I finally get to see it.
Don't get used to it.
You're grounded for the rest of your life.
(Meiying) I love you, too.
(Jonas chuckles)
(Lance over radio)
Haiqi 400 meters ahead and holding.
(Meiying over radio)
Where are we going now?
(Ragis over radio) Into the unknown.
(Jiuming over radio)
That's what we came for.
I've got Haiqi's tracker ahead.
Looks like she's circling.
(sonar beeping)
Look up.
It's some instinctual gathering.
(Rigas) Incredible.
They're here to mate.
This is why Haiqi
has been acting strangely.
Oh, great. More megs.
-(scanner beeping rapidly)
-(alarm blaring)
The scanner's detecting
an abnormal structure.
No way.
(Curtis) Is that a wreck?
It's some kind of sea floor station.
What could they be doing down here?
Rigas, run all spectrums.
(Rigas) No, that's no wreck.
I'm getting heat signatures off it.
Just can't see what's inside.
(Jiuming over radio)
Multiple airlocks, power generation.
The resources needed is staggering.
Who would even have that technology?
(sonar beeping)
Sonar says there's something above us.
It looks like a submarine.
Let's take a look.
(automated voice speaking) Charges set.
Priming zone for detonation.
(Montes) Come on.
We need to blow this ridge.
(diver) Yeah, okay, okay.
We don't wanna be down here
any longer than needs be.
(Montes) Yeah, well, this is
the only place to mine this stuff.
Slow and steady.
(diver) Hey, Montes.
Why do you get to stay in the submarine?
(Montes) It's good to be the king.
(automated voice speaking)
Incoming object detected.
(sonar beeping)
(Montes) Zoom in 400%.
(speaking Spanish)
(Montes in English)
Mana One crew is below us.
There's no way
they haven't seen the station.
(diver) What are we gonna do?
(Montes)
I'm arming the explosives right now.
-You have to get out.
-(diver) What? Wait.
No, you can't do that.
There isn't time.
You know there isn't time.
It will take ten minutes to get clear.
Montes!
-Sorry, guys.
-(diver) Montes! Montes, don't do it!
(Sal over radio) What was that?
(explosion)
Landslide!
I can't get ahead of it.
I'm gonna have to go through.
-(Montes grunting)
-(alarm blaring)
(grunts)
(Jess) Guys? What's happening?
I'm reading a thermocline breach.
Something's ripped a giant hole in it.
Rerouting the thrusters.
This is all we've got.
(yelps)
Vertical control is down.
Hydraulics are non-responsive.
We're pinned.
(Jiuming) Coming in.
-Hold us steady.
-(inhales) Yeah.
(Jonas over radio) Jiuming.
Sixty degrees down.
Two feet forward.
Jiuming!
(alarm blaring)
Go, go, go!
Full thrust! Full thrust!
-(Jiuming gasps)
-(grunts)
(Jonas) Jiuming!
(Meiying) No!
(DJ) There's no telemetry.
Dive 1,
Dive 2. Do you copy?
Dive 1, Dive 2. Do you copy?
(DJ) We've got nothing here.
Keep trying, DJ.
Jess, prep the rescue sub. Stat.
-Ugh, what happened?
-I don't know.
How do we know if they're still alive?
Prep the rescue vehicle.
(DJ) Dive 1,
Dive 2. Do you copy?
Come on, Jonas.
(Jonas' voice echoing) Meiying.
(Meiying coughs)
Meiying.
-Meiying.
-(Meiying) What happened?
(Jonas) Took a nasty hit.
Uncle Jiuming?
Where's Uncle Jiuming?
-Where is he?
-We can't raise him.
Hey. We work the problems one by one.
We do what's in front of us,
and then we do the next thing.
We're gonna be okay.
(Jess) Mac!
The rescue sub isn't working.
The battery array was deliberately
shorted out. It looks like sabotage.
How's that possible?
This isn't a secure area,
there are 30 people who work here.
Well, how long to fix it?
It's the control boards, Mac.
There is no fixing it.
-(Rigas) Try it now.
-(Meiying) What's our status?
(Jonas) No comms, no heat.
We're losing air fast.
-(Rigas) This isn't working.
-Flood in my extra O2.
Already done.
(Sal) Yeah, I have got one last idea.
Route the power through the heating cell.
(radio static)
I got Dive 1. Mac.
-I got Dive 1.
-Jonas?
(Jonas chuckles)
Good to hear your voice, Mac.
(Mac) Not as good as it is
to hear yours, brother.
Talk to me.
It ain't good.
Almost every system is down
and we're losing air fast.
We'll get into the emergency dive suits,
and we're gonna need a ride up.
Jonas...
it's not gonna be possible.
What are you talking about?
(Mac) The battery array.
It shorted out the control board
in the rescue sub.
We're investigating it now.
Jonas?
Jonas, can you hear me?
Jonas, we can't get to you.
(breathing heavily)
We're gonna walk.
We're gonna walk back across the trench.
Make it into that sea floor station.
And we're gonna get inside.
And then we're gonna get to the surface.
Those suits have two hours of air tops.
They're only designed
for brief extravehicular work.
We'll go slow and steady. They'll hold.
It's three kilometers.
You'll be defenseless out there.
What do you want from me, Mac?
This is what we got,
and this is what we're gonna do.
Half our team is dead...
and I'm not losing the other half.
(automated voice speaking)
Beginning suit initialization.
Joint actuators functioning.
Ultrasonic signal communications online.
Initialization complete.
Abandoning Dive 1, Mac.
(air hisses)
The radios won't relay to the surface,
so we're going dark.
Talk to you on the other side.
Godspeed, Jonas.
(automated voice speaking)
Emergency escape initiated.
(Jiuming) Hey. Whoa.
Almost killed you.
The hell are you doing?
Saving your ass.
And walking back to that station.
What are you doing?
Saving your ass.
And walking back to that station.
-Don't have much time.
-Let's get going.
-Jiu.
-Oh!
(in Mandarin)
Uncle, I thought you --
You're not going to get rid of me
that easily.
(Rigas in English) Hey.
Hey. Let me check.
(automated voice speaking) Air left...
Hey, you need to calm down or you're
gonna run out of oxygen, Lance.
I don't think I can.
(Rigas) Think of it as cosplay.
(Sal) Or we could be paintballing.
(Curtis) Like the ultimate
team-building exercise.
(Jonas) We need to cover distance
while the megs are still occupied.
(automated voice speaking)
Three kilometers to destination.
(Meiying) Away from the megs
is fine by me.
(Jiuming) We're a strong group.
We can do this.
Amazing.
Lighting courtesy of Mother Nature.
(Sal) It's incredible,
there are new species all around us.
Hey. Look.
Look at this. It's beautiful.
(Lance) Hello, my little biolum...
(screaming)
There's a snake! There's a snake!
Get this monster off my head!
(screams)
(grunts, breathes heavily)
No touching stuff.
(Lance) He started it.
(Mac) Everyone clear the station.
DJ, what's our time on Jonas?
(DJ) Forty-one minutes
since they went dark.
At best, it'll take another hour
for them to cover the distance.
Listen up.
We know there's some kind
of rogue operation in the trench.
Now some bastard's got his fingers
in our operation here.
That sub was definitely sabotaged,
so we've got a mole on the station.
DJ, I want you to pull
all surveillance footage
from the sub bay for the last 24 hours.
Jess, run the personnel files
on the crew,
look for anything suspect.
We're gonna get these sons of bitches,
but we have to watch our own backs.
One of us mans the DCC at all times,
understood?
Yes.
(Rigas breathing heavily) Is it just me,
or does walking
three kilometers underwater
sound like hard work?
(Curtis) It certainly
wasn't on my to-do list.
(Lance) Baby octopi.
So many colors, it's incredible.
(breathing heavily)
(Meiying) Anybody wanna play a game?
-(Jiuming) A game?
-(Rigas) This isn't a game.
She means to keep our minds occupied.
(Rigas) Right now, my mind
is pretty damn occupied.
(breathes heavily, yelps)
(panting)
(Lance screaming)
There's a, there's a, it's... (screams)
Lance?
What was it?
-(Curtis) I didn't see.
-(Sal) Where's Lance?
Is it a meg?
Something's happened to him, I know it.
(Jiuming) Lance?
(breathing heavily)
(Sal) No. Oh, no.
We have to keep moving.
No, we can't just leave him out there.
We need to find him! Please!
-Jiuming.
-I'm sorry.
(Sal sobbing)
He's gone.
Rigas, cover our six.
Shoot anything that moves.
You bet your ass I will.
(electricity crackling)
(tool clanking)
(Montes grunts)
(automated voice speaking) Comms online.
(line connects)
What happened to you?
(Montes) The Mana One crew
stumbled upon our station.
I took them out with a landslide.
Okay, this is out of control.
(scoffs) You authorized me to do
whatever's necessary
to protect our operation.
No. (chuckles)
They are not dead.
They are walking right now
to the station.
If they get there,
we are screwed.
(sighs)
(Rigas) There's still a kilometer to go,
straight through that valley,
and we don't have the bioluminescence
to cover us.
(Jiuming) We're going to be
totally exposed out there.
We don't have a choice.
We only have enough air
to go straight through.
(breathes deeply) Let's keep our lights
on low spectrum.
(Rigas) Yeah, we don't want to attract
the megs.
(automated voice speaking)
One kilometer to destination.
-O2 check?
-(Meiying) 65%.
(Rigas) 50.
(Sal) 26%.
It's not gonna be enough.
(breathing heavily)
(Rigas) Look at me. Look at me.
Look at me, okay? Focus, okay?
You can do this. Remember the training.
(Jonas) Anything on sonar?
(Jiuming) I got something,
right at the edge of my range.
Keeps going in and out.
(sonar beeping)
Stalking us.
(automated voice speaking)
Proximity alert.
(Sal) What is it?
(all grunting)
(Jonas) It's just a shoal of fish.
(all panting)
(Jonas) Stay calm, everyone.
-(Jiuming) Are you okay?
-Yeah.
(Jonas) Keep moving.
Ayo, Mac.
We got jack on the security footage.
Somebody deleted it.
-For the sub bay?
-For the whole damn station.
They're good,
but they don't know everything.
There's a satellite uplink
with an encrypted backup.
I'm gonna go to the server room,
see if I can pull it down.
Time?
One hour, 50.
They'll be out of air soon.
I'm scanning all channels,
but nothing yet.
That's it. Maybe 400 meters.
(automated voice speaking) Warning.
Entering oxygen reserves.
You can do this.
-Yeah?
-Yeah. (breath trembling)
(Jiuming) I'm getting a reading.
Many contacts to our right.
Coming in fast.
What, megs?
No. Smaller. Faster.
Everybody make it to the station!
Go, move!
(automated voice) Warning.
Oxygen level low.
-(Rigas) Come on.
-(Sal) I'm out of air.
(Jiuming) They're coming over the ridge!
(snarling)
What are those things?
(Jiuming) It's too far.
(Jonas) We need to make a stand!
Turn and fight!
(creatures snarling)
(grunting)
(yells)
Come on! Get off!
(creature snarling)
-(Meiying screams)
-Meiying!
Help! Shoot their head!
-Uncle!
(Jiuming grunts) I've got you!
(in Mandarin) Hold on!
(Meiying in English)
They're biting through the suit.
(Jason) Meiying!
(grunting)
(creature snarling)
(groans)
-No. No.
-Hold on, Curtis!
(Sal) Too many!
We don't have a chance!
(snarling)
(creatures screeching)
Everybody stay back!
Keep going!
(Jonas) Jiuming!
(Jiuming) There's no choice.
You really wanna die, don't you?
(metal creaking)
(all grunting)
(Meiying shrieks)
Gotta make it to the airlock!
(automated voice speaking)
Warning. Low air.
-It's no use. I'm holding you back.
-Low air.
-It's not too far.
-(breathing heavily)
You can make it!
(automated voice speaking)
Warning. Low air.
(Jiuming grunting)
(grunts)
(automated voice speaking) Air depleted.
(Sal screaming)
(Jiuming screaming)
(grunts, screaming)
(Meiying) Uncle!
(automated voice speaking)
Visor failure imminent.
(grunts)
(Jonas) Jiuming!
(breathing heavily, grunting)
(both panting)
(metal crashing)
Okay. We gotta go.
We don't have a choice.
(Jonas) He's coming back around!
-(Curtis) Oh, God!
-(Jonas) Go, go, go!
We have to do the override.
-(Jiuming) Come on, hurry up.
-(Curtis and Rigas panting)
Rigas, come on!
(suit beeping)
(Rigas) You can do it. Get in!
-(Meiying screams)
-Shut the door!
Curtis, you'll be okay.
(automated voice)
Suit implosion imminent.
-Almost there. Almost there!
-(Curtis) Oh, my God.
(all grunting)
It's gonna implode.
(Rigas) Depressurize the room!
-(beeping continues)
-No, no, no.
-(automated voice) Implosion imminent.
-No!
(both scream)
(Rigas) Son of a bitch!
I hate these things!
(Jonas) Hey, Rigas.
Let's try to keep it together.
We ain't out of the woods yet.
(electricity buzzing)
(footsteps approaching)
Rigas.
(Meiying) Where is everybody?
(exhales sharply)
What is that smell?
Divers.
Nobody home.
(Rigas) I'll cover the door.
Whoever's running this...
is not our friend.
We need to contact Mana One ASAP.
Think you can handle it?
Yeah. Yeah, sure.
What is this that they're mining?
(Rigas) Whatever it is,
they're sending it up to the surface
with these pods.
(keyboard clacking)
Mm. Rare earth metals.
They're used in superconductors,
aerospace and quantum computing.
This box alone
could be a billion dollars.
"Billion" with a "B?"
Yes.
-(line connects)
-Mana One.
Jonas. Comms are live.
(Jonas) Come in.
-It's Jonas. Getting this?
-Hey, you're alive.
What's your status?
We lost Lance, Sal, and Curtis.
We're at the station.
It's a rogue mining operation.
Is there anyone down there?
(Jonas) Not that we've seen so far.
They've infiltrated Mana One.
The rescue sub was sabotaged.
-By who?
-We're working on it.
But check this out.
I was going over the video of when
you went over that station before.
Look at the north side.
(Jiuming) Looks like
emergency escape pods.
(Meiying) It's the opposite side
from where we are.
-(Meiying) Feels dead in here.
-Stay close.
These are my designs.
How do they have this?
Looks like this is it.
(Jiuming sighs)
On three.
-Three.
-(both grunting)
-(Jiuming) Again.
-It's not gonna work.
(grunting)
After you.
(Rigas) Ah, this is more like it.
Let's crack open a pod
and get out of here.
(Jiuming) Nothing here.
These controls ain't working.
We need to close the hatch.
(Rigas) On it.
Guys, that wasn't me.
Jonas, now that I have you here,
we need to talk candidly.
I have full control of the station
and I've locked down this room.
-Jess?
-Your life is in my hands.
What are you doing, Jess?
These are your friends.
They've been with you for years.
I know it hurts. And we're talking
because I'd prefer
we were on the same side.
All making so much money,
it ceases to have meaning.
You're offering us money?
Three of our friends
are dead because of you.
You think I'm gonna forget about that?
No, no, no!
That's the first escape pod!
Son of a bitch!
(Jess) Rigas?
Rigas, you can save Meiying.
Take that speargun
and shoot Jonas in the heart.
Don't shoot him.
(breathing heavily)
Do it.
Go ahead.
It's the only way Meiying survives.
Do it.
Rigas!
Do it!
(Rigas breathing heavily, shuddering)
-Do it!
-No. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry,
I can't, I can't, I can't.
That was the last pod.
I told you that wouldn't work.
Put me on.
(Driscoll sighs)
Sorry it had to come to this.
So...
we'll be back at work in a week
using your technology
to take whatever we want.
Your institute'll be
a platform that we use
to plunder the ocean for decades.
(in Mandarin) Karma will get you.
(Driscoll) And before you start whining
about the ecosystem...
Who cares? We'll make billions.
And no one is going
to see the damage we do.
(in Mandarin) Shut up!
(Driscoll) Jess, I've already dispatched
a clean-up crew to Mana One.
Finish this.
(metal thuds)
(Rigas) How do we open the door?
(Jiuming) If we could cut
the comm link to the surface...
she couldn't control anything.
(Rigas) But it's back in the first room
and there's no getting through this door.
This airlock still works!
Why would you go through the airlock?
There's no pod.
I'll swim to the airlock
where we came in
and do the override.
You have no suit. How could it work?
(Rigas) Water doesn't compress
under pressure,
so if he can force water
in his sinus cavities,
he could survive 30, maybe 60 seconds
before he passes out.
-It is possible.
-(breathing heavily)
We work the problems one by one.
We do what's in front of us,
then we do the next thing.
(hatch whirring)
If anyone can do this, it's you.
(machine buzzing)
(Meiying) Won't he be crushed
by the pressure?
(Rigas) It doesn't work like that.
You don't see fish
wearing metal suits, do you?
It's about air.
It reacts under pressure.
And that's why he has to
blow it out of his sinuses.
(handle rattles)
-(snarls)
-(muffled grunt)
-(hatch opens)
-(alarm blares)
(water gurgling)
(Montes) Hey there, tree hugger.
Jonas Taylor, eco-warrior,
fighting the good fight.
Well, guess what? You lost.
(chuckles)
-(coughing)
-(Montes speaking Spanish)
(in English)
I spent two years in a Manila prison
after you and your eco-freak buddies
had our ship seized.
I thought about you every single day.
You don't even remember me, do you?
-Hmm?
-(breathes deeply)
(Montes) No?
Montes.
There's a million scumbags
in this world. (grunts)
It's hard to keep track of all of 'em.
(both grunting)
(in Mandarin)
I don't think I can make it!
You can do it. It's ok.
(grunts)
(grunting)
(in Mandarin)
-We're going to die!
-(in Chinese) It's ok, it's ok.
(both grunting)
(beeping)
(alarm blaring loudly)
Meiying!
(coughing, gasping)
(gasping)
(helicopter blades whirring)
Clean up crew approaching Mana One.
About time. We are on alert.
Everyone confined to their quarters.
We need to get control of Mana One
and dispose of any liabilities.
(DJ) What's the emergency?
I got into the security backup.
Look at this.
Jess disabled the rescue sub.
-What?
-Watch.
Like she could be repairing it, right?
But no, wait.
(DJ gasps)
(Jonas) It's Montes' sub.
That's our ride out of here.
(beeping)
There's a leak in the hydraulics.
Predator countermeasures are down.
We'll never make it past the megs.
(Jiuming) We need a distraction.
Light up the station.
The megs will attack it.
Yeah. And kill us.
Not if we're fast enough.
Jiuming!
-Hey, Rigas.
-Yep?
For a moment, I thought you
were gonna kill me back there.
Well, she did say
to shoot you in the heart.
And I know for a fact
you ain't got one of those.
(laughing)
(in Mandarin)
Thank you for working.
(dramatic music playing)
-(grunts)
-(electricity crackling)
(Rigas groaning)
Gotta close the hatch, Jonas.
(all gasps)
We're all gonna die.
-He's gonna make it.
-No, he's not.
-No! We have to close the hatch!
(grunting)
(Rigas) Close it! Jonas!
I'm here!
That's him!
(grunts)
That was close.
(breathing heavily)
Too close.
You should have shut the hatch.
Yeah. Meiying would have killed me.
You thought about it, though.
Yeah. We thought about it.
Didn't we, Rigas?
(panting) Shut up.
Just a little bit.
(in Mandarin)
Very funny.
(rumbling)
(Jiuming) Explosives?
Check this out.
Look what else.
(Meiying) Is that gonna be a problem?
(Jiuming) It's a hole
in the thermal layer.
It must have been caused
by the mining explosions.
It will seal up eventually.
Eventually?
Yeah. Within an hour.
(Meiying) Can the megs
follow us through?
(Jiuming) I hope not.
(rattling)
(footsteps)
(breathing heavily)
Boys, I don't want to harm you, but I do
need you to come out of this room.
(whispers) It's Jess.
She's got three soldiers.
(DJ) Yeah. It's go time.
Take this.
-The hell is this?
-It's a Taser.
Open up.
They tried to kill Jonas,
they're definitely gonna kill us.
(whispers) Okay, listen.
Here's the plan.
On the count of three,
you'll open the door
and I'mma pepper spray 'em.
Right, and you'll shut the door
and you're gonna wait.
Then go out there and use the Taser.
One, two, three.
(all groaning)
(DJ) No, Mac, no!
-No, Mac!
-(Mac groaning)
(Mac) It burns! It burns!
(groaning) I'm sorry!
-(groaning)
-(DJ) Sleepy time.
What's that?
Trouble.
So, we're walking fast and with a lot
of determination, which is great.
But what exactly is the plan here?
They're armed and we're not.
(Meiying) All righty.
So what are you thinking?
(Jonas) What are you thinking?
You and I find Mac and DJ.
Rigas, grab what you can.
Secure a Zodiac
so we can get off this thing.
Rock and roll.
Safest if Meiying goes with you.
(indistinct radio chatter)
I'll protect her with my life.
And I'll protect her with mine.
No.
Let's go.
(DJ) I told you to wait
before you went out that door.
-How's your eyes?
-My eye stings.
(groans) If we climb up
to the communications array,
we can bypass the DCC
and we can call for help.
What are we supposed to say?
Um... Terrorist action?
-Yeah, good. Terrorist action.
-Yeah, terrorist action.
-Okay.
-You got a better idea?
(man) Freeze!
-(Mac groans)
-Oh, no.
DJ! DJ!
What the hell?
-Wow! Yeah, baby! Get some!
-(gun firing)
-(Mac) Hey.
-Run, Mac, run!
Go, go, go!
(DJ grunting)
(Mac screaming)
(man) Spread out! Find 'em.
(Mac) You got Tasers? Now you can swim?
All of a sudden you're running around
like you're Batman.
Hell yeah.
(panting)
After last time,
y'all begged me to come back.
-"DJ, Oh! We family, DJ."
-(gunfire continues)
"DJ, we need you." Yeah, all right. Bet.
But I ain't stupid.
I trained up, I learned how to fight,
I learned how to swim,
and I will never go anywhere
without my survival pack.
-Survival pack?
-Yeah.
Check this out.
Come here, baby. Come here.
Bam.
Yeah, I even made poison-tipped bullets
just like Jaws 2.
Come on, DJ! Let's go, let's go.
This is insane.
(man 1) Freeze, assholes.
(man 2) Yeah, freeze.
You got this?
(DJ) That was some unfortunate shit
back there.
(Jiuming) No, please! Don't shoot!
(panting)
(in Mandarin)
I know you're looking for me and Jonas.
I also know you don't speak Chinese,
but I'm speaking it
to distract you guys,
because my friend is about
to attack you from behind.
(DJ) What?
(yelling) Sucker.
(laughing) I thought you were dead.
Wishful thinking, Mac.
(DJ) If it ain't the deviated septum.
-Boat's leaving.
-(DJ) Huh.
(Jess) What's our status?
(man) Bravo team are inbound.
ETA, 10 minutes.
Excellent.
What are you doing here?
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
Jonas is on Mana One.
We need to lock this place down now.
Search the station top to bottom.
Secure personnel in their quarters,
kill anyone else.
Go! Go!
Oh, my God.
Guys?
We've got a big problem.
(Jess) We tracked three megs
that escaped
before the breach closed.
We're gonna need
a good cover story for this.
Well, that shouldn't be hard.
Everyone knows Jonas and Jiuming
were reckless.
No, we need a hero.
Someone to emerge
from this unforeseeable tragedy...
who can step into a leadership position
at the Institute.
Jess, are you ready for promotion?
(chuckles) I appreciate your confidence.
-Jess!
-(alarm blaring)
It's from the thermocline breach.
But you can relax. This place?
Meg-proof.
I mean, Jonas was always afraid of this,
but I think
between trackers and gunships,
we can solve the problem
and come out the other side
with a significant positive PR spin.
Yeah, I'm on it.
I was also thinking--
(groaning)
(heavy thud)
-(Meiying yelps)
-(Rigas grunts)
(Montes yelling)
(screaming)
What now?
It's our only way off. We have to take it.
But that thing doesn't have the range
to get us to the mainland.
You're worried about the destination?
What about the first hundred yards?
That's where we're gonna die.
We paddle out slow.
No engines. Minimal motion.
We won't look like food.
When we're clear,
we make a run for it. Huh?
Let's do it.
(DJ) I still think we look like food.
(Jiuming) Shh. Quiet, everyone.
Paddle slowly.
This feels unpleasantly familiar.
Let's just hope it goes better
than last time.
What happened last time?
You don't wanna know.
(uneasy music playing)
(Jiuming) Oh. Here he comes.
(tense music playing)
(commander) Go, go, go!
Let's not bring 'em back alive.
(engine starts)
You do know how
to drive this thing, right?
Stop! Stop the engine right now.
Or you will attract the megs.
Okay. Be still.
-No motion whatsoever.
-(engine stops)
I have the shot.
Take it.
-Get down!
-(mercenary) Come on, mate, do your job.
-Take the bloody shot.
-It's not easy as it looks.
(mercenaries screaming)
(DJ) He got 'em! He ate 'em!
He ate the whole boat!
What happened?
(Montes on phone) Jess is dead.
-What?
-We stabilized Mana One,
but Taylor and Zhang have escaped.
What do you want me to do?
(Driscoll) Fix it! Kill them!
You do this, you write your own ticket.
You are set for life.
Okay.
There's only a couple places
they could make it to.
-Are you crying, Montes?
-(line disconnects)
(canister hisses)
Any sign of the megs?
Negative.
There's no way this thing's gonna work.
It's gonna work.
Look, you got more chance of blowing up
yourself than one of the megs.
At least I won't get eaten.
Ha! I hear that.
(Mac) Jo...
can you make me one?
I got you covered, Mac.
We have to find a way to warn people.
In case the megs move towards land.
There's an island
60 klicks southeast of us.
It's listed as inhabited.
Inhabited by who?
The name more or less translates to...
Fun Island.
Fun Island?
-(upbeat Mandarin song plays)
-(people cheering)
(all) Yeah!
(indistinct chatter, laughter)
(host) Welcome to Fun Island.
Our resort has everything.
The restaurant, amazing.
The disco, incredible.
And our spa, to die for.
(man) Oh.
(host) OMG.
It's our special dish.
Seafood Surprise!
Wow, I wouldn't know where to start.
Well, just don't miss out
on the grilled shark.
-(dog whines)
-Pippin! Pippin! Pippin!
-Whoa! What is that?
-Pippin!
(tourist) What are they running from?
(businessman)
Your first time at the rodeo?
(barking)
I worked with your dad since
before you were born.
I never had this kind of trouble
from him.
(in Mandarin)
Can you put your phone down?
After all these hard years
we're finally on vacation,
savor the moment.
(Businessman) Yeah,
and I yelled at him too.
(in Mandarin)
I've already got 400 likes.
(in English) I'm sitting in paradise
and you are ruining it!
Who does that?
Who ruins paradise for other people?
Hey, baby.
Wanna rub some oil on my back?
No?
How 'bout my front? (chuckles)
Ew.
(romantic music playing)
(in Mandarin)
Come over.
What?
What are you doing?
(speaking Mandarin)
(indistinct chatter)
Yaoyao...
Will you marry me?
Find it, idiot!
Wait!
Have you found it?
-(squelching)
-(water splashing)
Hey.
Yaoyao.
Yaoyao!
-Yaoyao!
-(boat thuds)
(people screaming)
(ominous music playing)
(people grunting, gasping)
(woman shrieking)
(yelps)
(woman shrieks)
This doesn't look good.
Rigas, get us there fast!
(engine revving)
Kill the cellphone uplink.
(Driscoll) There's a lot of exposure
for us on this.
Take care of Jonas and his team
quickly and quietly.
(Jonas) Everybody out of the water!
-(Mac) Shark! Shark!
-(Jonas) Get back on the beach!
-Get out of the water!
-(Jiuming speaking Mandarin)
Get back on the beach!
(laughing)
(man over radio) Mobile comms
are down, over.
(Meg screeching in distance)
(distant gunshots)
(speaking Spanish)
(foreboding music playing)
(creature calling)
(screams)
-(gunshots)
-(man screaming)
(both grunting)
-(shrieks)
-(creature snarls)
(in English) You copy, guys?
(snarling)
-(mercenary) Crocodile!
-(mercenaries clamoring)
What is that?
-Move, move!
-Get into the chopper.
-Now! Go with her!
-(gunshots)
(roaring)
Mmm. Mmm.
(indistinct chatter)
-(gunshots)
-(creature snarling)
(people clamoring, screaming)
(Jonas) Everybody out!
-(Mac) Shark!
-(Jiuming) Shark!
(shouting in Mandarin)
Go back! Don't go into the water!
There's a shark!
(Jonas) Get on the beach!
Go back!
We have to save them.
-I'm not leaving ya.
-Cell phone's down.
Hello? Hello?
-No signal.
-There's no choice.
-She's right.
-We got no signal, guys.
Hey, you two!
Find a way to call for help.
Let everyone know what happened.
Come on, come on! This way, this way!
You're gonna hide.
See that lifeguard tower?
-Yeah.
-You go there and you stay there.
This is not one of those things
where I tell you to do something,
you say "yes,"
and then you do whatever you want.
Understand?
Yes.
-You're not messing with me?
-No.
I can't do what I need to do
if I'm worried about you.
I'll be fine.
Promise me you'll come back.
You know I love you.
(boat pedals squeaking)
(screaming)
(people screaming)
Oh, shit.
(distant gunshots)
Sonny.
Check that out.
(helicopter powers down)
Hey, yo, my man. You got a phone?
(people screaming)
What's everyone running from?
(creature snarls)
What the hell was that?
(Jonas) Three megs. Three of us.
We each grab a jet ski.
Get them to chase it
away from these people and out to sea.
Then we harpoon them.
Oh, you mean with those jerry-rigged,
maybe they work,
maybe they kill us harpoons?
Yeah.
It's a terrible idea.
You got a better one? No? No.
-Then we're agreed.
-Yeah.
-Good.
-Great.
(gunshots)
(creature roars)
(creature growling)
Montes!
Shit.
(sighs)
(creature snarls)
(screaming)
(DJ) Let's go old school.
The landline's down, too.
Okay, coast is clear. Let's go.
They can walk?
(roars)
Shit.
It's those things.
They haven't spotted us yet.
Okay.
What else you got in here?
Emergency stuff.
(unzips bag)
(people screaming in distance)
Okay.
Really? Condoms?
Different kind of emergencies.
Hand me that.
Now hand me that gum in your mouth.
Thank you.
(snarling)
(people screaming)
There's only one ski.
Give me your harpoons.
You sure?
Oh...
-I got this.
-(Mac) Good luck.
We need more firepower.
Yeah.
I have an idea. Let's go.
Not this time, Taylor.
(speaking Spanish)
(Jiuming whispers)
This should be the place.
Come on.
What are we looking for?
Ammonium nitrate.
You're making a bomb?
This stuff is as powerful as TNT.
-(mercenary) Hey!
-(creature snarls)
-(gunshots)
-Get in! Get in!
-(all clamoring)
-(gunshot)
Freeze!
(dramatic music playing)
Come on!
(engine sputtering)
(DJ) Come on, let's see
if he's got a phone.
(creature snarls)
I got the sat phone. I got the sat...
I got the phone,
why you stealing his money?
-What? He's not gonna need it.
-(snarling)
Uh-oh.
Nice doggies. Nice doggies.
Okay, Rigas.
On the count of three, we're gonna bolt.
One. Two. Three!
What the hell? Hey!
Wait for DJ! Wait for DJ!
-They're right behind us!
-Let's hide in here!
Come on, come on. Come here, come here.
-What the hell?
-Hi, DJ. Hi, Rigas.
All of you together.
Up against the wall. Hands up!
I wouldn't point that at me
if I were you. Trust me.
Shut it! Keep your hands in the air.
Hands up!
Don't want to hurt you...
so I'm going to give you one chance.
Put those weapons down.
Or you'll do what?
Stay still, little guy.
(groans)
(gate opening)
(mercenary 1) No, no! Joe, Joe, door!
Stay where you are!
(mercenaries clamoring)
-Go, go!
-(mercenary 2) Get to cover!
(gunshots)
(all screaming)
-(mercenaries screaming)
-(gunshots)
(grunting)
Damn!
(phone beeps)
I got signal.
Call for help!
To get down to the beach and help people!
(Mac) Where are you going?
-Stealing a chopper.
-(Mac) What chopper?
Global rescue?
We need rescue!
We need you to send everybody you got!
The National Guard, the lifeguard,
the Coast Guard, anybody!
Just come now!
(tense music playing)
(explosion)
(engine stops)
(Mac) Ugh! Looks like someone else
had the same idea.
(creature snarling)
We need a plan.
We have to lead it away
and steal the chopper.
Okay, you lead it away,
I'll steal the chopper.
-You distract it, I'll get the chopper.
-Why me?
Can you fly a chopper?
Yeah, I can.
-You have a license?
-Yes, I do!
-I didn't know that.
-What?
Okay, good plan.
(whispers) Mac!
(clanging)
(snarling)
(gasps)
-(gasps, grunting)
-(snarls)
(squealing)
Jiuming! We gotta go!
-(snarling)
-(footsteps approaching)
(shrieks)
Fuel! Get the fuel!
Gas! We need gas!
-Get up!
-(helicopter powering up)
(grunts)
(Mac) Get the fuel!
-(chitters)
-Lizard incoming!
Hold on!
Jiuming? Jiuming!
Run!
Go!
(grunts)
(Mac) Whoa, yay!
Man, I didn't think you were
gonna make that one.
(barking)
(people gasping)
(screaming)
Run!
(people screaming in distance)
(breath trembling) No.
(gunshots)
(Montes) Where are you going, Jonas?
(laughing)
(people screaming)
(barking, snarling)
Get lower! That's Meiying!
(Mac) Are you sure it's Meiying?
Get lower!
(Mac) Okay, okay! Hold on!
(people clamoring)
(people screaming)
Meiying!
Over here!
(Jiuming) Leap up!
-(grunting)
-(alarm blaring)
(yelling)
(groans, gasps)
(bomb beeping)
-(beeping stops)
-(water splashing)
(tense music playing)
(Jonas grunts)
(grunts)
(yelling)
(Montes) Jonas is still alive?
Get me over there!
(people screaming)
Help!
(in Mandarin) Hang on, Meiying!
(grunts loudly)
Taylor!
Come on!
Come out from under the bridge,
little troll!
(speaking Spanish)
(screaming)
(both grunting)
(in English) End of the line, no?
I guess it is.
You got the gun.
I won't be needing this.
(chuckling)
I knew you couldn't do it.
(grunts)
See you later, chum.
(Meiying) Jiu!
(grunting)
Meiying!
(in Mandarin)
Throw me the bomb!
(in English) Where?
(in Mandarin) Catch it!
(grunting)
(growls)
(creature groans)
(beeping)
(rapid beeping)
(explosion)
(creature screeches)
(grunts)
(gasping)
(in English) Hold on! I'm coming!
(Jonas) Meiying!
Meiying!
Jonas! Over here!
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Uncle Jiuming and Mac's in trouble.
Stay here. I'll be right back.
-Mac! Are you okay? Mac?
-(grunting)
(tense music playing)
-(metal thuds)
-(breathing heavily, grunts)
(yells)
Come on, you ugly bastard!
(screams)
-(metal creaking)
-(grunting)
(yelling)
(Jiuming grunts)
(people clamoring)
Come on, come on, come on!
Come on, come on. I got you, I got you.
Come on, come on!
Come on, come on, come on!
Meiying, what are you doing here?
I had to save the dog!
What?
-(creature snarls)
-(host) Mommy's here.
-Thank you, thank you, thank you!
-You're welcome.
-(creature snarls)
-(gunshots)
-(people gasping)
-(roaring)
-Oh, no, you don't!
-(Rigas) Meiying! Come!
(Meiying yelps)
(DJ) Hell yeah!
Get some! (chuckles)
Who says a .50 caliber
is an impractical round?
(grunts)
Hey! Wait, wait, wait!
(Jonas) Everyone stay still. No motion.
No, it's okay.
That's Haiqi.
Who cares which one it is?
She'll listen to me.
Let's spread out
so that thing don't get us all.
I got this!
(device clicks, whistles)
(gasps, grunts)
Yes! I knew it!
I told you! We have a special bond.
-It went after the dolphins.
-No!
-She obeyed my command.
-Ridiculous.
I didn't believe it before
and I don't believe it now.
Hey, Mac, back me up.
I'm getting out of here
before she changes her mind.
Mac!
You guys stay there and argue.
She obeyed my command!
-Dolphins.
-No!
It's not my fault.
Sometimes, there's a situation
and bad things are happening,
and you just have to get involved.
I'm glad you finally understand.
I'm proud of you.
(in Mandarin)
Next time don't run around, ok?
(pilot over radio) Rescue One
to Fun Island, over.
(DJ) Oh, it's good
to hear your voice, man.
We got a lot of people who need help.
(DJ) Yeah, I used to didn't know
how to swim, but then, you know...
You out there chasing sharks,
you better learn how to swim quick!
(women laughing)
The water was cold, it wasn't that cold,
but yeah...
-I was just having fun!
-(Rigas) What about Haiqi?
She's still out there. Maybe pregnant.
Preferably not.
That's tomorrow.
Today, we count our blessings.
Here's to being alive.
Here's to dolphins.
-(chuckling)
-To Meiying being safe.
(Jonas) And here's to Sal,
Lance, and Curtis.
So...
am I still grounded?
-Absolutely.
(all chuckling)
You two are ridiculous.
But I love you anyway.
Looks like you got
a little reckless out there.
No, everything was
totally under control.
-(Jonas) Yeah, right.
-(DJ grunts)
Well, everything's about to be
totally not under control.
(DJ chuckles)
Give me some.
(DJ) Mmm.
Yeah, that's the good stuff.
(Jonas and Meiying chuckle)
(enthralling music playing)
(upbeat Mandarin song playing)
("Chomp" playing)